If I had another hundred lives, I think I would choose to be Technoblade again every single time, as those were the happiest years of my life. I hope you guys enjoyed my content and that I made some of you laugh, and I hope you all go on to live long, prosperous, and happy lives, because I love you guys. Technoblade out.
The moment where intent and interpretation access the same transcendental essence via an art object is so much more than opinion or coincidence or sensory pleasure. It's a moment where we see each other beyond our capacity to express with words.
We need an American Girl Doll who can't afford an American Girl Doll and is one of the only girls in her fancy private school (that she attends on scholarship) not to have one.
I have found that when the sample text is a memorable song, it is difficult to navigate the lyrics without keeping the cadence of the song. This has probably hurt my words per minute while practicing. On a completely different and unrelated note, I have really struggled with typing the word 'because' without error the first time. I apologize for the single quotation marks, those also hurts my words per minute, but at least it's practice.
Art is an aesthetic engagement. Aesthetic engagement is part of what art is. Our subjective interpretations are fractal manifestations of transcendental unspeakable essence and truth. And we must accommodate it, spread through the collective consciousness like a virus!
And Rakitin doesn't like God, oof, how he doesn't! That's the sore spot in all of them! But they conceal it. They lie. They pretend. 'What, are you going to push for that in the department of criticism?' I asked. 'Well, they won't let me do it openly,' he said, and laughed. 'But,' I asked, 'how will man be after that? Without God and the future life? It means everything is permitted now, one can do anything?' 'Didn't you know?' he said. And he laughed. 'Everything is permitted to the intelligent.
Self-consciousness, constant performance, and cyborgian transhumanism are eating us alive. The corporations that control the mediums only care about profit. The parents still don't fully understand what a dab is. And the kids are so lost in irony and despair that they can only meme the pain away.
Failure is the mother of success. The consequences of not relying on me and instead thinking for yourself, even if they should end up being a failure, should not be feared, but embraced. This is because they are the failures necessary for success.
Look, I know how much you want this, kid. But you don't have it yet. I'm sorry. "When will I know I'm ready?" You won't. It's a leap of faith. That's all it is, Miles. A leap of faith.
A fool I was to sleep at noon, and wake when night is chilly beneath the comfortless cold moon; a fool to pluck my rose too soon, a fool to snap my lily.
I just saw a quote about what if the quote submitted here returns back to us. So I am going to contribute in that experiment. If the person who wrote that quote sees this, Hello!
Life can mean a lot of things to everyone. Everyone of us has at least experienced a great and difficult challenge in our lives. That challenge will at least change your perception of life. It is important for us to know that, no matter how difficult, painful and seems impossible that path is, failure is just a step further away from greatness.
A note to any police officer that has a record of not updating dispatch with your location. You may know where you are, and God may know where you are. But if I don't know where you are, you and God better have a great relationship.
Well, well, look who's inside again. Went out to look for a reason to hide again. Well, well, Buddy, you found it. Now come out with your hands up, we've got you surrounded.
They sprawl on the grass together and look up at the sky. It's too bright in London, with the metropolis spilling light out into the vastness of space, but they can pretend to stargaze.
Forty-four people were killed a couple of hours ago at Kennison State University; three swimmers from the men's team were killed and two others are in critical condition, when after having heard the explosion from their practice facility they ran into the fire to help get people out. Ran into the fire. The streets of heaven are too crowded with angels tonight. They're our students and our teachers and our parents and our friends. The streets of heaven are too crowded with angels.
One of the most satisfying things about this site is the feeling you get when your fingers fly across the keys as if they're moving on their own. It is as though your brain bypasses your arms and taps directly into your fingertips. When it sounds like you're fake typing, but the words forming on the page make sense!
The man who takes more pride in the steps to attain the result than the result itself cannot be stopped. The work truly instills the worth... the only thing that gives you confidence is the work you put in. Your self-worth is directly correlated to your self-investment.
He had seen plenty of boys at St Edmund's trying to push their limits like that - the problem was, some limits weren't fences. Sometimes they were edges; with nothing on the other side.
He wished they would invite him, just once. He wished he wasn't always the one left out, he wished knew how it felt to have a friend as close as James. More than ever, he wanted someone to talk to.
Sorry isn't good enough. Your guilt isn't good enough. I need you to feel it too. I trusted you. I trusted you with every last secret, I offered you every piece of me. What else have I got now? I could kill you. I could bash your teeth in so you choke on them, I could wrap my hands around your throat and squeeze, I could rip you to pieces, I could, I could, I could kiss you, you fucking bastard.
Well, this story happens a long time ago when I was with my mother in the nail shop. Well, this girl and her mother walked in as well. The mother said to just keep her nails simple. But the girl said that she wants it fussy. Although she knows that her mother is persistent, she still keeps trying to say that she wants it fussy. Then she cried. Well, that doesn't stop her mother from making it simple. So crying doesn't help to do anything. So you better not cry.
So, you might not be pretty on the outside but you have to be pretty in the inside! What I mean by pretty in the inside is that you have to be kind-hearted. I mean you don't have to be pretty in the inside but you'll make wrong decisions. And you might hurt someone's feelings. And I'm pretty sure that you don't want to get someone hurt right? You'll will at least get caught once or twice as well.
I will love you as misfortune loves orphans, as fire loves innocence and as justice loves to sit and watch while everything goes wrong. I will love as a battlefield loves young men and as peppermints love your allergies, and I will love as the banana peel loves the shoe of a man who was just struck by a shingle falling off a house.
I think I am cursed. Every time I sit at this desk, and work to help people through the stress of an emergency, things go wrong. Someone forgets how to drive without hitting other cars. Some building decides that it is time to catch fire. I sit at this desk for hours upon hours, days upon days, waiting for the next big things to come hurdling my way. I think I am cursed, or maybe I sit at the desk far to much.
"Don't try to make yourself remember, darling. Don't look for me, I'm just a story you've been told." So let's pretend a little longer. 'Cause when we're gone, everything goes on.
Sam, the first night at BED when you left, Ron made out with two girls and put his head between a cocktail waitress's breasts. He also was grinding with multiple fat women. When you left crying at Klutch, Ron was holding hands and dancing with a female and took down her number. Multiple people in the house know, therefore you should know the truth.
For those who don't know what chat language is, it's basically like 'lol' for Laugh Out Loud or 'nvm' for NeVerMind or nevermind. So why do you use chat language? Well, it's simple, you're either lazy and doesn't want to type or you just like how chat language works. You still shouldn't use chat language, real life or on your chatting app. People might not understand what it is.
Well, this happened to me for like 6 times but when I got my goal, I stopped trying and then, when I try it again like 3 months later, I have to restart. Well, once I accomplished to make a split but then I stopped trying and a few years later, well, I can't do a split any longer. So this is just like your typing skills, if you stopped trying to type, your typing will get worse. You will lose most of your muscle memory. So you better keep typing until the end.
Did you know that the wind won't make a sound even if they go like the speed of light if nothing is blocking it? Wind only make sounds when something is blocking it.
Anyway, I lived with Ma, Sis and Dear Old Dad. Dad was just an amazing father always getting drunk and beating us. He's dead now. And Sis? Sis died in a car accident. I suppose I grew more distant after that. Who the fuck needs a social life? I have the voices in my head to keep me company. To think those pesky doctors tried to silence them. Anyway, I butchered Dear Old Dad. Afterwards, I decided to end it all and escape this meaningless world but then I blacked out.
It was hell for them but it was heaven for me and then I leave without the slightest bit of guilt. So, there you go and now that you've heard this, you should know that I check this spot every day to see if this tape has moved. I've seen it so many times, I'll be able to notice even the slightest difference. I will know. So you better put it back, Michael, as neatly as you can. And start running.
This site is literally giving me so many college essay ideas. Anyways, I literally only have 2 weeks or maybe less, I don't want to think about it, of summer left, and I still haven't started a single one haha.
People make jokes so easily when they are not in the other's shoes. They joke about being diabetic, they joke about disabilities, people's trauma. Imagine if you were mute and how suffocating it would be to not speak out when you want, when you are consistently talked over and ignored. When you're diabetic you don't have the freedom to eat and do whatever you want, sometimes it's a consequence of life choices but most of the time it's not controllable as it is from genetics.
Why is everything you have ever worked for sum up to whether you make it into a good college or not? I consistently stress about everything I feel like I have poured my life down the drain, everything feels so pointless. I need to write multiple college essays, get a good score, a great GPA, and have people skills and community input. Why do they sum up our life with these statistics and a few written words of experiences.
You loved me - then what RIGHT had you to leave me? Because misery and degradation, and death, and nothing that God or Satan could inflict would have parted us, YOU, of your own will, did it. I have not broken your heart - YOU have broken it; and in breaking it, you have broken mine. So much the worse for me that I am strong. Do I want to live? What kind of living will it be when you - oh, God! Would YOU like to live with your soul in the grave?
Lily you have to come home. You and Marshall belong together. The two of you have something that most people search their whole lives for and never find. I know you love him and if you knew what he was going through right now you wouldn't be here for one more second. I bought you a ticket home.
Probably one of the most irritating genres of quote on here is the kind where the writer complains about the sort of quotes they don't like. I mean, you can just skip it if you don't like it, why gripe? Hang on, I'm just getting word that this is actually one of those exact kinds of quotes. Huh. Gotta say, I feel a little silly.
I did choose you, but not for the reasons you think. Your assumption that the Klingons were waiting in ambush at Binary Stars was predictive. You chose to do the right thing over what was sanctioned, even at great cost to yourself. And that is the kind of thinking that wins wars. The kind of thinking I need next to me. Universal law is for lackeys. Context... is for kings.
Imagine if YouTube was shut down. It would be a literal tragedy for the human race. Billions of hours worth of creativity would disappear in an instant. "That would never happen!" some believe. But it already has. Remember Google+? All of it's gone forever. Or remember all that media stored on MySpace? It's vanished. We must stop depending on Big Tech to archive our data. Their mandate is to profit off our data, not preserve it.
This mirror will give us neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away before it, entranced by what they have seen, or been driven mad, not knowing if what it shows is real or even possible... It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live, remember that.
Here lies Seamus Jr., named for his father, the great Seamus the Wonderer, Seamus the Escape Artist, Seamus, the one who got away. We sow these berries as a sign of good faith that Seamus was one of us, that Seamus Jr. was part of the family. Seamus Jr, you were in our life for a short period of time but you change us for the better. You made me feel what it was like to be a father, you made me feel what it was like to be a failure.
People are not motivated by ideological codes. People are motivated by impulse and construct ideological codes to justify and rationalize what they were already going to do. An old professor of mine had this great thing. He said, "On the level of individuals and civilizations, personality predates ideology. Meaning before you were a fascist, you were a bully."
Practicing so many times on typing faster I can really assume that one typing trick I've seen a long time ago really works. It was someone's quote which main objective was "To type faster at first focus on your accuracy." That's so true I can feel the changes now.
Do not go magnet fishing. I understand the appeal, and the want to find something cool, but don't go magnet fishing. You might end up finding a car in a lake and causing an investigation, and you don't want to deal with the hassle of being in an investigation. In conclusion, don't go magnet fishing.
This was the only way I could reach you. Listen carefully: from this moment on, you need to stay awake and type quotes as long as you can. They're watching you. They're listening to your thoughts. They'll wait for you. And when you fall asleep, they'll come for you. I can tell you how to escape their monitoring but I could only slip my messages through this website and the quotes can only be so long. Keep typing, I'll be back in touch shortly.
You must trust me, I have one piece of advice and you must follow it without question: you must stop typing. What happens next if you don't is entirely your fault. Oh no... you failed the the test and now you're in danger. They are making me type this. Whatever happens, do not stop typing now until I tell you otherwise. If you do not type exactly how I tell you to, you will die. They are watching. Type the next quote now. I'll be back in touch shortly.
The press can hold its magnifying glass up to our problems, bringing them into focus, illuminating issues heretofore unseen. Or, they can use that magnifying glass to light ants on fire and then perhaps host a week of shows on the sudden, unexpected dangerous flaming ant epidemic.
At the edge of the room was a small, white, and round metal-cast table. Set upon it's top were five small dishes, each holding expertly crafted pastries. Each was different, displaying appetizing morsels and vibrant fruits. One pastry was a cherry tart; it's syrup oozing over the edges onto the plate it rested upon. My appetite had peaked and my stomach began to speak to me. I haven't eaten in three days; a result of being tied to this chair and forgotten about...
Up until the end, Dvalin remembered his duty as one of the Four Winds. As such, I don't intend to forcibly strip him of that duty and force my ideals of freedom onto him. I just hope that Dvalin will be able to choose for himself and understand what freedom is. Before I became an archon, I too was taught the meaning of freedom in this way by a friend.
Marriage is a contract... but it's so much more than that. Marriage is love. It's commitment, it's joy, it's understanding, it's patients, it's anger, it's reconciliation, it's everything. It's like oatmeal... it sustains you.
The question "Why Is My Cash App Payment Pending?" might be caused by a variety of factors. That could happen as a result of unexpected internet connection outages. Therefore, the most crucial component of controlling the thing is selecting the platform for the solution. That will automatically give you a part of the solution right away. Since initiatives can let users come out of the troublesome situation.
She'd take the world off my shoulders if it was ever hard to move. She'd turn the rain to a rainbow when I was living in the blue. Why then, if she's so perfect, do I still wish that it were you? Perfect don't mean mean that it's working. So, what can I do when you're out of sight and in my mind? 'Cause sometimes, I look in her eyes, and that's where I find a glimpse of us. And I try to fall for her touch, but I'm thinking of the way it was.
Both 6000 and 7000 alloys are referred to as "age hardenable" aluminum alloys. They can be hardened by heating them at 100 to 200 degrees Celsius (212 to 392 degrees Farenheit.) This strengthening occurs because of precipitation of nanometer particles in the metal. Are you asleep yet?
In sleep he sang to me. In dreams he came to me. That voice which calls to me and speaks my name. And, do I dream again? For now I find, The Phantom of the Opera is there inside my mind. Sing once again with me, our strange duet. My power over you grows stronger yet and, though you turn from me, to glance behind, The Phantom of the Opera is there inside your mind.
Hey Louie! Do you want to play with my balls? Sure Chuck! I can hold your ball sack so it won't drag on the ground. Wow! Your balls are so big, I can't even fit them in my mouth! My mom's always yelling, 'Louie! Get those balls out of your mouth before you choke!'. You know that mean girl Sally? She squeeze my balls so hard, they looked funny. Yeah, well when I play with Sally... I always end up with blue balls.
This game has many features to have, Like building a plane, building helicopters, drones, facilities, and even more! But building a plane is hard because it needs time and effort to pull it off. But with imagination and hardwork, you can pull it off. But one thing that is special, Motorlocking. It's useful for cases like, making detailed builds, impossible to clip wedges and motorlock weapons! Others like cameralocking, anglelocking, and pistonlocking! There maybe a sequel to this too.
You know you are suck at typing when you try to hit the Escape button to avoid a tough quote but can't even get it right. Instead, you hit F1 button and a new tab of Google Chrome Help appears on the screen. Now, you have to close it first.
Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day. Fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way. Kicking around on a piece of ground in your hometown, waiting for someone or something to show you the way... And then one day you find ten years have got behind you - no one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun.
We are not defined by the things we do in order to survive. We do not apologize for them, " she says quietly, eyes never leaving mine. "Maybe they have broken you, but you are a sharper weapon because of it. And it is time to strike.
You wanna kill a man like me, son? You better stab me in the back. That's the catch. Honorable men, well, they die hard, but they still die. It's men like me who survive and conquer. Men like me understand that the fight is not about who's right, but about who's left.
Take your hand off what you cannot control. Get your hands on things you can change. The only thing you can control is yourself. Just because something is different from me doesn't mean that it's wrong. I think that equality begins with embracing our differences, instead of thinking of them in terms of right and wrong.
I had one sanctuary, and that was music. There was a small voice in me that said, 'Wake up, man, and listen to yourself!' But it took me a long time to hear music calling my name.
I would like to ask all of you. What is your name? What excites you and makes your heart beat? Tell me your story. I want to hear your voice, and I want to hear your conviction. No matter who you are, where you're from, your skin color, gender identity: speak yourself.
Today is going to be another piece of advice. If you are told to evacuate and area, take all of your needed belonging with you. Don't wait for over an hour before asking if you can go and get your life saving medication.
Improvements in transportation systems and subsequently in tourism industry made it possible for many people to take a trip overseas and to become familiar with other nations' customs, cultures, and lifestyles. In fact, this phenomenon enticed some people to leave their homeland and to immigrate to a foreign country. From my vantage point, living abroad is a double-edged sword containing both pros and cons.
I have decided to use this as a bit of a journal. I will by typing out my thoughts of the day from work. So here is day one in the form of a tidbit of advice. When you see a huge plume of black smoke, don't run towards it. Additionally, if you choose to ignore this advice, don't complain when you get hurt in the fire that you chose to run towards.
As you grow older, you get to know that your presence in someone's life isn't as significant as you think it is. You are the main character in your own life. Your feelings, your experience, your memories are of your own. There is no need to please every person you know, to the extent you feel unnecessarily exhausted, hurt mentally or physically. These feelings are yours only. You feel it more than anyone else. So love yourself, before you do for others.
I don't want a lot for Christmas. There is just one thing I need. I don't care about the presents underneath the Christmas tree. I just want you for my own, more than you could ever know. Make my wish come true, all I want for Christmas is you.
I'm sorry you couldn't find me. I have been in the woods. I put myself there because I couldn't be good. I have been running with foxes and running with crows and I have found myself a home where no one goes.
Some people are afraid of what they might find if they try to analyze themselves too much, but you have to crawl into your wounds to discover where your fears are. Once the bleeding starts, the cleansing can begin.
When you say "there but for the grace of God go I," what you are really saying is "I am God's favorite." The truth is, we do not know why some people on this Earth are more fortunate than others.
Its very definition is "pleasing to the sense or mind." But she's let them change the way she thinks her beauty is defined. It breaks your heart to know her mirror is how she estimates her worth. And not the lives she's made much better by simply being on this Earth.
Whenever you experience pain or suffering, just remember this: there is no love to protect without hate. There is no desire for peace without war. Most importantly, there is no courage without fear. As much suffering there is, just means there is just as much bliss in this world. Try and choose to live for the greatness in this world and never give it up for the alternative. My mother always told me that growing up; I never really understood it but I think I'm starting to understand a bit.
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry to both of you for how I've acted. And I'm really grateful that you were brave enough to go save my brother. But this isn't a life I would have chosen for myself. And I wish that there had been someone to vote no for me. So no.
The fetus isn't compatible with your body. It's too strong. It won't allow you to get the nutrition you need. It's starving you by the hour. I can't stop it and I can't slow it down. At this rate, your heart will give out before you can deliver.
Disneyland is not just another amusement park. It's unique, and I want it kept that way. Besides, you don't work for a dollar - you work to create and have fun.
I watched you die. I heard you cry every night in your sleep. I was so young. You should have known better than to lean on me. You never thought of anyone else. You just say your pain. Now I'm crying in the middle of the night for the same damned thing.
Most typing tests cover only the letters, numbers and punctuation. This typing test covers some of the other keys as well! When one of those keys is mentioned, first press it, then type out the letters as a word. You may skip pressing a key if your keyboard does not have it. Press and type out Ctrl. Next, press and type out PrtScn. Now press and type out Esc. Finally, press and type out Shift. Good job! At the end of this sentence, you'll be done.
I am at work, I am supposed to be doing duties that have been assigned to me for the day. I somehow always end up on this page and could type my 8 hour day away. It appears to my coworkers that I am hard at work when all I am actually just trying to beat my WPM.
You're not going to drive home right now. You can sleep on it. If you still feel like going in the morning, I'll take you to the airport. Look, Bella, I know I'm not that much fun to be around, but I can change that. We can do more stuff together.
I am having a difficult time right now comparing myself to other people. I am stretching myself thin trying to be them, making fund of my face like my father, calling it ugly. Starving out this premature double chin before it melts into my shoulders like candle wax, fixing the bags under my eyes that carry the rape bookmarking surgical procedures for my nose. There is so much that needs tending to. Can you point me in the right direction? I need to take this body off, which way back to the womb?
I share the belief of many of my contemporaries that the spiritual crisis pervading all spheres of Western industrial society can be remedied only by a change in our world view. We shall have to shift from the materialistic, dualistic belief that people and their environment are separate, toward a new consciousness of an all-encompassing reality, which embraces the experiencing ego, a reality in which people feel their oneness with animate nature and all of creation.
Let's all forsake, The Land of Wake, and break for the Land of Nod. Where we can try, to touch the sky, or dance beneath the sod. A toll for the living, a toll for the lost, a toll for the wise ones, who tally the cost. So let's escape, due south of Wake, and make for the Land of Nod.
Well in the merry month of May from me home I started, left the girls of Tuam nearly broken hearted, saluted father dear, drank a pint of beer me grief and tears to smother. Then off to reap the corn, and leave where I was born, cut stout a black thorn to banish ghost and goblin. With a pair of brand new brogues, rattling o'er the bogs, frightening all the dogs, on the rocky Road to Dublin.
Obedience is not enough. Unless he is suffering, how can you be sure that he is obeying your will and not his own? Power is in inflicting pain and humiliation. Power is in tearing human minds to pieces and putting them together again in new shapes of your own choosing.
Read them like a book, then write in that book. Like shifting the flow of a stream slightly in one direction or another. Each shift infinitesimally small, but with enough of them you can completely change the course of an entire river. Read the heart and you can write its feelings.
I must not cringe. Cringe is the mind-killer. Cringe is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my cringe. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. When the cringe has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.
After school she'd study the news, comb the internet for disasters, wars and hate and injustice, write it all down in these color-coded journals. Once, I asked her what she was doing, and she said she was just trying to keep track of it all because it didn't seem like anybody else noticed or cared that we kept making the same mistakes, that hate in a neighbourhood or injustice in a state ran like poison through veins, until another ice shelf collapsed or another animal went extinct.
The belief in the sanctity of life is, at its core, a religious belief. That's what makes it so surprising that so many atheists believe in it. Death is inevitable. There is no secular moral reason to stop someone from committing suicide.
I'm fixing a hole where the rain gets in and stops my mind from wandering where it will go. I'm filling the cracks that ran through the door and kept my mind from wandering where it will go. And it really doesn't matter if I'm wrong, I'm right. Where I belong, I'm right, where I belong. See the people standing there who disagree and never win and wonder why they don't get in my door! I'm painting the room in a colorful way and when my mind is wandering, there I will go.
I'm alone with you, waking up and hanging out at home with you. You don't ever do no wrong to me. I wish that I could just say the same. But it's okay, I'm trying to do. Whatever it takes to believe, that I'm enough and hope you agree. I've fallen for you, I'm dazed and confused, it's crazy what you mean to me. My heart keeps driving me crazy. There's nothing much I can do, I'm aware, there's no one quite like you. You're one of one. One in a million.
'Cause sometimes I look in her eyes, and that's where I find a glimpse of us. And I try to fall for her touch, but I'm thinking of the way it was. Said I'm fine, and said I'd moved on, I'm only here passing time in her arms. Hoping I'll find a glimpse of us.
The Japanese did not surrender after the dropping of the first atomic bomb. In fact, when the emperor decided to surrender after the second bomb was dropped, there was a revolt in the palace. Furthermore, the only alternative to dropping the bombs was an invasion of mainland Japan. Casualty estimates, for both the Allies and Japanese, for an invasion of Japan were in the millions.
"I have stepped out upon this platform that I may see you and that you may see me, and in the arrangement I have the best of the bargain." Also by Lincoln, "I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong." - Abraham Lincoln.
"When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on." "I am rather inclined to silence, and whether that be wise or not, it is at least more unusual nowadays to find a man who can hold his tongue than to find one who cannot." - Abraham Lincoln.
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing." However, "You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
I don't care how perfect someone's fruitcake recipe is, I just don't like fruitcake. Heck, I have a friend who can't even eat cake. So make your own food. No one can tell you what to cook, especially because, in the end, their favorite dessert will still kill you if you're allergic.
The first time I came on to the website was the first time I purchased my first mechanical keyboard. It was the Razer mercury lite edition. I loved it. Fast forward till today, I'm now using my own custom keyboard. I still use this website because each test is like a little message in a bottle rather than randomized words. It dawned upon me that there might be other people who do typing tests because of their mechanical keyboards too. Hopefully I'm not the only one?
He fell in October 1918, on a day that was so quiet and still on the whole front, that the army report confined itself to the single sentence: All quiet on the Western Front. He had fallen forward and lay on the earth as though sleeping. Turning him over one saw that he could not have suffered long; his face had an expression of calm, as though almost glad the end had come.
Hi, I'm a fetus! I'm here to feed upon your body for three quarters of a year and then violently tear my way out of it without your consent. This is not assault. It's normal. In fact, it's wonderful. There is no basis for considering abortion self-defense!
I think it's important that we decided not to help him. Everyone, like myself, was probably on the verge of fetching a rope, or asking where we could find a ladder, but then we looked around at each other and it was decided. I don't remember if we told ourselves a reason why we couldn't help him, but we had decided then. Because of this, I never went very close to the lip of the well, or I only came up on my hands and knees, so that he couldn't see me.
You know why I didn't take the job? Because it's too small! I don't care about it! It's nothing to me! It's a bacterium! I travel in worlds you can't even imagine! You can't conceive of what I'm capable of! I'm so far beyond you! I'm like a god in human clothing! Lightning bolts shoot from my fingertips!
Am I the only one who has a harder time with the shorter quotes? It might be psychological or arrogance because the moment I see a shorter quote, my first thought is that I'm going to whip through it with ease and boost my speed and accuracy numbers. Next thing I know, it's like my fingers either freeze up or manage to hit all the wrong keys. But show me a long quote and I fly through those with no problem... Am I the only one?
Separated by a border. Whether it's the mental or physical border I cannot tell. We live in different countries but are only two hours away from each other. We are lucky enough to see each other once a month, others don't even get that. There are a lot of things I wish to tell people about us, but for now, I will keep to myself
My mouth hasn't shut up about you since you kissed it. The idea that you may kiss it again is stuck in my brain, which hasn't stopped thinking about you since, well, before any kiss. And now the prospect of those kisses seems to wind me like when you slip on the stairs and one of the steps hits you in the middle of the back. The notion of them continuing for what is traditionally terrifying forever excites me to an unfamiliar degree.
She said, 'the mystery of life isn't a problem to solve, but a reality to experience.' So I quoted the First Law of Mentat at her: 'A process cannot be understood by stopping it. Understanding must move with the flow of the process, must join it and flow with it.'.
I will be the first to say I'm far from perfect, but grace was made for those who don't deserve it. So easy to cast the first stone. Much harder to search your own soul. No one ever wins when the goal is to settle the score.
Ballons are deflated. Guests they look like lifeless like me. We miss you on your side of the bed. Still got your things here. They stare at me like souvenir, I don't wanna let you out my head. It's like the day that I met ya, the day I thought forever. You said that you loved me, but that'll last for never. It's cold outside, like when you walked out my life. Why you walk out my life? Cause I get like this every time. All these days I thought it's you and me.. It's heartbreak anniversary.
You think I'm weak, don't you? You tell me that it's a cruel world and we're all just running around in circles. I know that. I've been on this earth just as many days as you. When I choose to see the good side of things, I'm not being naive. It is strategic and necessary. It's how I've learned to survive through everything. I know you see yourself as a fighter. Well, I see myself as one too. This is how I fight.